Enter your responses inline below and push this file to your private GitHub
repository.


1. Assume I plan to use the friend_overlap function above to quantify the
similarity of two users. E.g., because 344 is larger than 1, I conclude that
Jill Stein and Gary Johnson are more similar than Hillary Clinton and Donald
Trump.

How is this approach misleading? How might you fix it?
For this approach, we don’t know totally numbers of  friends they have. Therefore, compare result of this two numbers
couldn’t make sense of their similarity. For this situation, we can choose same numbers of friends for each user,and find the common friends’ number.










2. Looking at the output of your followed_by_hillary_and_donald function, why
do you think this user is followed by both Hilary Clinton and Donald Trump,
who are rivals? Do some web searches to see if you can find out more
information.
Because this user is common friend to Hilary Clinton and Donald Trump.













3. There is a big difference in how many accounts each candidate follows (Gary
Johnson follows over 3K accounts, while Donald Trump follows less than
50). Why do you think this is? How might that affect our analysis?

Counting follower numbers on Twitter does not mean much unless it’s attacked  to other stats about how influential you are on Twitter. I think most pf these influence measures take into consideration factors that include follow count,but also go far beyond it. For example, if you have more than 1k followers, but everyone ignore your twitter and no one reply you. While someone just have 10 followers, but they are retweeted each other everyday. Thus, followers number would not really affect analysis.







4. The follower graph we've collected is incomplete. To expand it, we would
have to also collect the list of accounts followed by each of the
friends. That is, for each user X that Donald Trump follows, we would have to
also collect all the users that X follows. Assuming we again use the API call
https://dev.twitter.com/rest/reference/get/friends/ids, how many requests will
we have to make? Given how Twitter does rate limiting
(https://dev.twitter.com/rest/public/rate-limiting), approximately how many
minutes will it take to collect this data?
There are 2 request we should make.
we need approximate 15 minutes for collecting this data.
